u-z integrations: apply sentence-style caps to categories (#29907)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/uptimerobot.markdown

title: UptimeRobot

> description: Instructions on how to set up Uptime Robot within Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Instructions on how to set up UptimeRobot within Home Assistant.
```
